## Jan 28 at 8:00 PM (Team Meeting)

### Length of Meeting

- 1hr and 20 min

### Attendance

- All group members were present.

### Agenda:

- Decide on potential project ideas
- Get availability for future meetings
- Tech to use

### Discussion:

- Everyone is available at 6:00 pm on Tues, Wed and Thur
- Decide TA for the group - Ridham Shah (shahrr@myumanitoba.ca)
- Total project Ideas:

1. E-book-hub
   - User sign up/login, create a library for their e-books, Search for e-books (Collection of all books), Buy/rent e-books, Join book clubs, create book clubs, and Earn badges for certain activities
2. Connect with neighbors
   - Chat Feature, Sign Up/Login
3. Food ordering
   - Ordering food, Payment, Food tracking
4. Stock purchasing app
   - user sign up, user profile, buying and selling of stocks, Watching stock portfolio
5. Inventory Management System
   - Add stock, view stock, edit stock, Billing order
6. Language learning web app
   - Flashcard, Comprehensions, Lessons, Tracking course progress>
7. Recipe Book
   - Sign up/login, Create Recipe and post (public\private), Search for available Recipe based on the ingredients, Share or Comment
8. Package tracking app
   - Sign up, Record packages, Find the shortest routes, Notify users/package owners

### Outcomes:

- Decided to go ahead with E-book-hub as our project
- Decided to use the MERN stack (MongoDB, Express, React, Node)
- Choose Zeel as the team lead
- From everyone's availability, we will have meetings on Tuesday and Thursday at 6:00 PM

### Assigned Tasks:

- Zeel will organize a meeting with TA
- Come up with user stories of the core features

## Feb 1 at 6:00 PM (TA Meeting (Ridham Shah))

### Length of Meeting

- 1hr and 35 min

### Attendance

- All group members and the TA were present

### Agenda:

- Pitch the idea of E-book-hub to Ridham
- Discuss 4 core features and their associated user stories

### Discussion:

- Filtered appropriate user stories from what everyone had.
- Got suggestions from the TA on how we could make the app better.
- Discussed how to make the app better after implementing the core features, by possibly having a text-to-speech feature.

### Outcomes:

- Zeel and Rutu will come up with a draft vision statement and project summary.
- Zil and Viki to see examples on architectural diagrams based on core functionality

## Feb 3 at 6:00 PM (Team Meeting)

### Length of Meeting

- 1hr and 10 min

### Attendance

- Zeel and Zil were present

### Agenda:

- Final draft of the vision statement.
- Discussing rough architectural diagram for user stories.

### Discussion:

- Went through the vision statement and made final edits.
- Looked at the rubric to see what more is expected of us in this sprint.
- Discussed an extra feature to add to the project:
  - Audio-book availability for some books

### Outcomes:

- Inform Rutu and Viki about what was discussed in today's meeting in detail if needed.

## Feb 8 at 6:00 PM (Team Meeting)

### Length of Meeting

- 1hr and 05 min

### Attendance

- Everyone was present

### Agenda:

- Gone through final draft of project distribution.
- Work Distribution
- Architectural diagram

### Discussion:

- Went through the vision statement and made final edits.
- Discuss the three layer of web application and the data flow across the three layers.
- Discussed an extra feature to add to the project:
  - Discuss the user stories for the Audio book.
- Distributd the Architectural diagram task as per the user stories.

### Outcomes:

- Zil - User Profile and Buy/Rent book diagram
- Zeel - Overall application block diagram
- Rutu, Zeel - To complete the final draft of project proposal
- Viki - Search feature diagram
- Parth - Create or Join book diagram, Chat diagram

## Feb 10 at 6:00 PM (Team Meeting)

### Length of Meeting

- 1hr and 45 min

### Attendance

- Everyone was present

### Agenda:

- Review Architerctural diagram
- Plan to release Sprint1

### Discussion:

- Review diagrams and corrects the mistakes.
- Review the issues and make sure all the issues are closed before the release of Sprint1.
- Demo on the issue tracking system Kanban style automation.
- Discusson on assigning the core features to Sprints.
- Discussed what went well and what not during the completion of Sprint1.

### Outcomes:

- Happy faces!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
- scheduling next meeting early to discuss dev and front end issues and assignment of work for the issue2

## Feb 13 at 6:00 PM (Team Meeting)

### Length of Meeting

- 1hr

### Attendance

- Parth
- Zil
- Viki

### Agenda:

- Discuss on what and how to prepare the project proposal presentation
- Work Distribution on the project proposal powerpoint slides

### Discussion:

- Prepared the base powerpoint slides.
- Added content to each slide and informed the other group members on what to add.

### Outcomes:

- Everyone present contributed on various things to include on the presentation.

## Feb 15 at 6:00 PM (Team Meeting)

### Length of Meeting

- 1hr and 15 min

### Attendance

- Parth
- Zil
- Viki
- Rutu
- Zeel

### Agenda:

- Discussed on what features needs to completed before sprint 2.
- Discussed on which features needs to be completed before sprint 2.
- Assigned tasks everyone.

### Discussion:

- Collect resources and links to get started on react as we are all new to this.
- Learn techniques to communicate between frontend and backend.

### Outcomes:

- Decided roles for everyone in sprint 2 and assigned few tasks to finish before next meeting.

## Feb 18 at 6:00 PM (Team Meeting with TA)

### Length of Meeting

- 2hr and 20 min

### Attendance

- Everyone was present

### Agenda:

- Review sprint 2 expectations.
- Create issues and assign them to group members.
- Come up with developer tasks from user stories.
- Look for resources that would help the team with.
- Discuss with TA that what should be done before sprint 2 done.

### Discussion:

- Share the resources and went trough the resources together so that everyone was up-to-date.
- As a group, decided on what features to release by the end of sprint 2.
- Got nice feedbacks and suggestions from TA Ridham to implement features and sub-features.

### Outcomes:

- scheduling next meeting to discuss about front end skeleton code and back end skeleton code, so that foundation is setup for the team to continue working on it.
- Started working on the assigned tasks and already stared to watch video on react developement.

## Feb 22 at 6:00 PM (Team Meeting)

### Length of Meeting

- 1hr and 10 min

### Attendance

- Zeel
- Rutu
- Zil
- Parth

### Agenda:

- Discuss how back-end skeleton code was setup.
- Discuss how front-end skeleton code was setup.

### Discussion:

- Decided who will work on front end and who will work in back-end.
- Assigning front-end tasks and back-end tasks to the respective groups(Team working with front-end and team working with back-end).

### Outcomes:

- scheduling next meeting to discuss progress on sprint 2.

## Feb 24 at 6:00 PM (Team Meeting)

### Length of Meeting

- 56 min

### Attendance

- Zeel
- Rutu
- Zil
- Parth
- Viki

### Agenda:

- Review work that has been done so for (Skeleton for backend, frontend).
- Discuss about continous integration on github Actions.
- Discuss on libraries to use for testing.

### Discussion:

- Decided tasks and divided tasks into seperate teams such as backend and frontend.
- Decied which library to use for testing for backend and frontend.

### Outcomes:

- Set up GitHub Actions for CI.
- Started working on the skeleton.
- scheduling next meeting to discuss progress on sprint 2.

## March 01 at 6:00 PM (Team Meeting with TA)

### Length of Meeting

- 1hr and 40 min

### Attendance

- Zeel
- Rutu
- Zil
- Parth
- Viki

### Agenda:

- Discuss all of the work with our TA Ridham that we have been done so far.
- Ask for suggestions or anything else that needs to be done before sprint 2.
- Show our automation on Build and Test code before pushing to developer branch.

### Discussion:

- Discussed about the features that we have implemented so far with TA Ridham and He asked to little bit more for book homepage.
- Discussed about the number of features was enough for sprint 2.

### Outcomes:

- Got some changes in implementation of code and added extra sub feature for book page as said by TA Ridham.

## March 8 at 6:00 PM

### Length of Meeting

- 1hr min

### Attendance

- Zeel
- Rutu
- Zil
- Parth
- Viki

### Agenda:

- Sprint 3 rubric
- Take from the previous sprint

### Discussion:

- Went through the rubric to see what needs to be completed by the end of the sprint.
- Found out we had a bit of communication gap and decided to work on it by taking updates from each other in our discord server.
- Do not be stuck on one problem (it wastes time), ask for help from the team members.

### Outcomes:

- Clarify concerns we had with the TA or the professor if need be.

## March 10 at 6:00 PM

### Length of Meeting

- 1hr 15 min

### Attendance

- Zeel
- Rutu
- Zil
- Parth
- Viki

### Agenda:

- Clarity on features.
- Discussed how our UI on the features will look like.

### Discussion:

- Discussed on what we really needed from our features.
- Had a discussion on how our UI needs to look like.
- Talked about our backend needs to work with the frontend.

### Outcomes:
- Divided the work in this manner: Zeel and Rutu working on Backend, Parth working on buy/rent feature, Zil working on chat feature and Viki working on Bookclub features.

## March 15 at 6:00 PM (Team Meeting)

### Length of Meeting

- 3hr and 10 min

### Attendance

- Zeel
- Rutu
- Zil
- Parth
- Viki

### Agenda:

- Decide the which technology to use for testing the application
- Dicuss about architecture diagrams.

### Discussion:

- Disussed on the testing libraries and finally come up using the react testing library for test.
- Updated and changed few architecture diagrams

### Outcomes:

- Set goal and agenda for next meeting, everyone got overall idea that everyone is on the same page.

## March 17 at 6:00 PM (Team Meeting)

### Length of Meeting

- 4hr and 05 min

### Attendance

- Zeel
- Rutu
- Zil
- Parth
- Viki

### Agenda:

- Decided group deadline for realising sprint 3
- Worked on chat feature and watched setup.
- Design plan with how to procecced with backend and frontend at the same time.

### Discussion:

- Went through the vision statement and made final edits.
- Discuss the three layer of web application and the data flow across the three layers.
- Discussed an extra feature to add to the project:
  - Discuss the user stories for the Audio book.
- Distributd the Architectural diagram task as per the user stories.

### Outcomes:

- Sounds complicated but we would want to try it.
- scheduling next meeting early to discuss dev and front end issues and assignment of work for the issue2
- Happy faces!!

## March 22 at 6:00 PM (Team Meeting)

### Length of Meeting

- 2hr 30min

### Attendance

- Zeel
- Rutu
- Zil
- Parth
- Viki

### Agenda:

- Review work that has been done so for (Skeleton for buy/rent ebooks, backend routes).
- Discuss about continous deployment using github Actions.
- Discuss on libraries to use for chat room and book clubs.

### Discussion:

- Decided tasks and divided tasks into seperate teams such as backend and frontend.
- Decied which library to use for chat room of book clubs for backend and frontend.

### Outcomes:

- Set up GitHub Actions for CD.
- Started working on the skeleton of agenda.
- scheduling next meeting to discuss progress on sprint 3.

## March 29 at 6:00 PM (Team Meeting with TA)

### Length of Meeting

- 3hr

### Attendance

- Zeel
- Rutu
- Zil
- Parth
- Viki

### Agenda:

- Discuss all of the work that we had been done so far and the problems that we encountered.
- Ask for suggestions or anything else that needs to be done before sprint 3.
- Show our automation on Build, Run and Push to docker hub before pushing to main/developer branch.

### Discussion:

- Discussed about the features that we have implemented so far and bookclub and chatroom feature
- Discussed about the number of features was enough for sprint 3.

### Outcomes:

- Got some changes in implementation of code, libraries and added extra sub features for bookclub and chat room page.
